[Feature][Task Plugin] Add DVC task plugin for MLops scenario (#10372) (#10407)
apache/dolphinscheduler: docs/docs/en/guide/task/dvc.md

The data is not actually stored in a Git repository, but somewhere else, and DVC keeps track of the version and address of the data and handles this relationship.

![dvc_init](../../../../img/tasks/demo/dvc_init.png)

**Task Parameter**

- **Remote Store Url** ：The actual data is stored at the address. You can learn about the supported storage types from the [DVC supported storage types](https://dvc.org/doc/command-reference/remote/add#supported-storage-types) .

The example above shows that: 
Initialize repository `git@github.com:xxxx/dvc-data-repository-example.git` as a DVC project and bind the remote storage address to `~/dvc`

### Upload

Used to upload and update data and record version numbers.

![dvc_upload](../../../../img/tasks/demo/dvc_upload.png)

**Task Parameter**

- **Data Path in DVC Repository** ：The data will be uploaded to this path in the repository.
- **Data Path In Worker** ：Data path to be uploaded.
- **Version** ：After the data is uploaded, the version tag for the data will be saved in `git tag`.
- **Version Message** ：Version Message. 

The example above shows that:

> Upload data `/home/lucky/xxxx/MLflow-AutoML/data/iris` to the root directory of repository `git@github.com:xxxx/dvc-data-repository-example.git`. The file or folder of data is named `iris`.

Reviewer: Maybe better use place hold `<YOUR-NAME-OR-ORG>` in git URI, same as below
```suggestion
Upload data `/home/lucky/MLflow-AutoML/data/iris` to the root directory of repository `git@github.com:<YOUR-NAME-OR-ORG>/dvc-data-repository-example.git`. The file or folder of data is named `iris`.
```

Author: I've fixed all nits like the above.
